Have you seen it grandpa
I have met Mr. Chen
General Xia, Miss Han, please take a seat
Xia Xia Xun came here to marry Chen Bufan
Old Marquis Chen Bufan is very capable
I invited the empress to support him
I have made a point
Willing to divorce him
But just now Chen Bufan said that I contain evil intentions
This is really frightening to me.
Apologize to the general immediately
Then divorce Ye Ninghan
According to the planned plan
You and General Xia will be married at the same time in 6 days
Let me apologize to him impossible
A wedding can be held
But my wife, Chen Bufan
It can only be Ye Linghan
Don't challenge my patience
Marriage with the next family
Is the only value you have in this home
Ambassadors of the three delegations of Virginia
The left rank of Lieutenant General in the Army of the three countries is prohibited outside the door